Fix carthage (#489)
bow-swift/bow: CONTRIBUTING.md

brew install nef
```

- Clone the repository for Bow
- Go to the folder where you have cloned Bow

> - Run `nefc install Documentation.app` to set up the project with its dependencies

Reviewer: I'd try to rely only on the main `nef` entry point and replace this by `nef compile Documentation.app`, since that also installs the dependencies and does an initial sanity check for the compilation of the documentation.
```suggestion
- Run `nef compile Documentation.app` to set up the project with its dependencies
```
